[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com
lang_map = uk: uk_UA, cs : cs_CZ, nl : nl_NL, fi : fi_FI, es : es_ES, id : id_ID
minimum_perc = 20

[valentina-project.valentina_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/valentina_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/valentina.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p0_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p0_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p0.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p1_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p1_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p1.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p2_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p2_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p2.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p3_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p3_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p3.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p4_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p4_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p4.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p5_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p5_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p5.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p6_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p6_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p6.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p7_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p7_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p7.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p8_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p8_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p8.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p9_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p9_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p9.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p10_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p10_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p10.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p11_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p11_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p11.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p12_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p12_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p12.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p13_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p13_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p13.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p14_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p14_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p14.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p15_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p15_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p15.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p16_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p16_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p16.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p17_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p17_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p17.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p18_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p18_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p18.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p19_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p19_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p19.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p20_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p20_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p20.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p21_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p21_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p21.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p22_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p22_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p22.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p23_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p23_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p23.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p24_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p24_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p24.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p25_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p25_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p25.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p26_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p26_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p26.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p27_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p27_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p27.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p28_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p28_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p28.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p29_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p29_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p29.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p30_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p30_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p30.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p31_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p31_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p31.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p32_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p32_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p32.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p33_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p33_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p33.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p34_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p34_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p34.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p35_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p35_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p35.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p36_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p36_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p36.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p37_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p37_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p37.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p38_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p38_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p38.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p39_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p39_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p39.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p40_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p40_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p40.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p41_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p41_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p41.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p42_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p42_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p42.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p43_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p43_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p43.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p44_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p44_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p44.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p45_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p45_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p45.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p46_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p46_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p46.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p47_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p47_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p47.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p48_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p48_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p48.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p49_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p49_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p49.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p50_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p50_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p50.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p51_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p51_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p51.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p52_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p52_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p52.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p53_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p53_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p53.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p54_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p54_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p54.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

[valentina-project.measurements_p998_04xts]
file_filter = share/translations/measurements_p998_<lang>.ts
source_file = share/translations/measurements_p998.ts
source_lang = en
type = QT

